the realest thing you can do is have a
drum beat with nothing but a drumbeat
keeping it real so it just had someone
in my chat say to me they're angry
because I ignored their question we had
55 people in an Internet chat room at
the same time and she assumes I'm
intentionally ignoring her question and
she says that I'm a worse youtuber than
a vegan cheetah because vegan cheetah is
more transparent than me whereas I
ignore her request what are you talking
about so now she clarifies which
question is and it's that question I
actually answered I actually answered
your question so this is even more
ridiculous but I love this I love this
insult used on the internet and it is
very memorable me that that is one of
the insults unnatural vegan used against
me is you claim to be transparent and
now you don't live up to my standard of
what transparent means thank you the
ultimate the ultimate BS insult okay
point one do i claim to be transparent
on my channel no do I use that word of
reverence myself no do i claim to have
an obligation to answer every question
that gets sent to me by email or by chat
room comment or by text message no no i
don't even claim to answer every
question i get on patreon i do take
questions much more seriously on patreon
because patreon they pay people and
patron pay one dollar a month which
really means selling to me right now I
have zero income even when my job starts
in China the pay is extremely low that
one dollar a month means a lot so I do
take questions seriously on patreon but
if i don't answer your question you know
hundreds of people are writing to me one
you think it's an intentional snub or
two and failing to live up to your idea
of what transparent means uh uh look I
do not claim to be transparent what I
claim keeping it all the way real is
that I have no respect for my audience
okay I don't know how you failed to pick
up on that because I've said it
explicitly since the start of this
channel the piss
position I mean in veganism I'm the one
guy who doesn't come on and say I love
you guys hit like and subscribe be sure
to tell your friends and you guys are
the best you know I wake up in the
morning and I think about you guys
because I love you so much you beautiful
wonderful people who are on the other
side of this glowing screen and send me
hate mail and send me creepy emails
asking to buy my underwear no okay I
keep it all the way real my position in
veganism is the vast majority of my
audience are people I have absolutely no
respect for and the vast majority of
questions you send me I have no respect
for and in this case she was asking a
question about my ex-wife I gave you a
polite and honest answer it doesn't even
matter but you want to take it there you
go to reproach me for my lack of
transparency what you're asking a
question that face-to-face in a cafe
you've got no right to ask anyway it's a
[ __ ] question you think I'm not
living up to your standard of
transparency because I ok my standard
has nothing to do with transparency it
has to do with respect has to is
providing meaningful content on the
Internet as opposed to garbage content
you can have a 100-percent transparent
channel that's garbage you can have a 0%
transparent channel that you know is
really meaningful you can you can do
fiction on the Internet ok transparency
is not my goal here unnatural vegan
comes on and tells you what type of
toothpaste she uses what brand of
shampoo she uses is that transparent I
think so I also think a lot of her
videos are [ __ ] I think they're
intellectually dishonest in another way
I think unnatural vegan is lying to you
she is lying when she says that a dog
does not suffer a dog is not aware that
it is harmed it does not feel pain when
it is castrated and therefore you're
doing nothing immoral in castrating a
mammal such as a dog I don't just think
that's a bad argument or a wrong
argument I think it's a lie and I think
her turn
around and saying that you're guilty of
pseudoscience if you disagree with her
is another lie and I think it's immoral
and it's bad and it's wrong so I make
videos talking about it because to me
that's meaningful and important content
content and its content about a topic
I'm passionate about it's a debate
within veganism I think we need to have
that's what I give to you on the
Internet if you want to come in my chat
room and ask me a question about my
ex-wife and then I actually answered her
question and the could acclaim I don't
live up to your ideology of what
transparency means what so you idea of
transparency is I take the time of my
data to talk about my ex-wife or the
Internet come on if I mean look some
people really do believe that some
people really do believe in that concept
of transparency but if that's your
concept of transparency then we're all
just going to be on a downward spiral
until all of us are talking about
nothing except what brand of toothpaste
we use and our sex life etc etc there
are other criteria here aside from
transparency itself I do not pursue
transparency isn't in itself I do not
pretend to love my audience I do not
pretend that you people bring down my
life okay do a whole different video
about what is the light of my life it's
not you guys the vast majority of you
people who write me questions I don't
respect you I don't respect your
questions if you have a youtube channel
I don't respect your content I don't
respect the vast majority of what's
going on in veganism in 2016 but I'm not
quitting the movement I'm sticking in
for it long term I'm rolling heavy
because i believe 10 years from now we
can evolve past the pernt current
distractions we can evolve past the
drama and the infighting and the
backstabbing and the [ __ ] we can
evolve past the hyper militant poses of
you know the pro violence fake-ass
revolutionaries we can evolve past all
of that because the core message of
veganism is so positive is so important
it's so meaningful my life and that's
what motivates me to come on Canada not
you guys and that's why I never say be
sure to LIKE like and share and
subscribe I never say I'm so happy this
morning that I opened up my email and I
got a bunch of email so you
I'm not happy about that I'm happy about
the core message of veganism and that's
what I'm preview again and again and as
I've said regular recently I'm going to
give it to you raw